---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netscalersdx_blx_device_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-netscalersdx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve information about a blx device profile.
---

# netscalersdx_blx_device_profile (Data Source)

Data source to retrieve information about a blx device profile.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netscalersdx_blx_device_profile" "test" {
  name = "tf_test_blx_device_profile"
}
output "tf_test_blx_device_profile_id" {
  value = data.netscalersdx_blx_device_profile.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource
- `name` (String) Profile Name. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  128

### Read-Only

- `cb_profile_name` (String) Profile Name, This is one of the already created NetScaler SD-WAN profiles.
- `host_password` (String) Host Password for this profile.Used for BLX form factor of ADC. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  127
- `host_username` (String) Host User Name for this profile.Used for BLX form factor of ADC. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  127
- `http_port` (Number) HTTP port to connect to the device.
- `https_port` (Number) HTTPS port to connect to the device.
- `max_wait_time_reboot` (String) Max waiting time to reboot NetScaler.
- `ns_profile_name` (String) Profile Name, This is one of the already created NetScaler profiles.
- `passphrase` (String) Passphrase with which private key is encrypted.
- `password` (String) Instance credentials.Password for this profile. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  127
- `snmpauthpassword` (String) SNMP v3 auth password for this profile. Minimum length =  8 Maximum length =  31
- `snmpauthprotocol` (String) SNMP v3 auth protocol for this profile.
- `snmpcommunity` (String) SNMP community for this profile. Maximum length =  31
- `snmpprivpassword` (String) SNMP v3 priv password for this profile. Minimum length =  8 Maximum length =  31
- `snmpprivprotocol` (String) SNMP v3 priv protocol for this profile.
- `snmpsecuritylevel` (String) SNMP v3 security level for this profile.
- `snmpsecurityname` (String) SNMP v3 security name for this profile. Maximum length =  31
- `snmpversion` (String) SNMP version for this profile.
- `ssh_port` (String) SSH port to connect to the device.
- `ssl_cert` (String) SSL Certificate for certificate based authentication.
- `ssl_private_key` (String) SSL Private Key for key based authentication.
- `svm_ns_comm` (String) Communication protocol (http or https) with Instances. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  10
- `type` (String) Profile Type, This must be with in specified supported instance types: blx,ns,nssdx,cpx. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  128
- `use_global_setting_for_communication_with_ns` (Boolean) True, if the communication with Instance needs to be global and not device specific.
- `username` (String) Instance credentials.Username provided in the profile will be used to contact the instance. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  127
