---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netscalersdx_ldap_server Resource - terraform-provider-netscalersdx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configuration for LDAP Server resource.
---

# netscalersdx_ldap_server (Resource)

Configuration for LDAP Server resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netscalersdx_ldap_server" "tf_ldap_server" {
  name                       = "tf_ldap_server"
  ip_address                 = "10.10.10.10"
  sec_type                   = "PLAINTEXT"
  type                       = "AD"
  port                       = 389
  auth_timeout               = "3"
  validate_ldap_server_certs = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the LDAP server.. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  64
- `name` (String) Name of LDAP server. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  128
- `type` (String) The type of LDAP server. Minimum length =  2 Maximum length =  64

### Optional

- `auth_timeout` (Number) The maximum number of seconds the system will wait for a response from the LDAP server.
- `authentication` (Boolean) Set to false for public key Authentication.
- `base_dn` (String) The base or node where the ldapsearch should start. Maximum length =  128
- `bind_dn` (String) The full distinguished name used to bind to the LDAP server. Maximum length =  128
- `bind_passwd` (String) The password used to bind to the LDAP server. Maximum length =  128
- `change_password` (Boolean) Enable change of the user.
- `default_authentication_group` (String) This is the default group. Maximum length =  64
- `follow_referrals` (Boolean) Enable following LDAP referrals received from LDAP server.
- `group_attr_name` (String) The Attribute name for group extraction from the LDAP server. Maximum length =  32
- `group_name_identifier` (String) Name that uniquely identifies a group in LDAP server. Maximum length =  32
- `group_search_attribute` (String) LDAP group search attribute. Used to determine to which groups a group belongs. Maximum length =  32
- `group_search_filter` (String) String to be combined with the default LDAP group search string to form the search value. Maximum length =  128
- `group_search_subattribute` (String) LDAP group search subattribute. Used to determine to which groups a group belongs.. Maximum length =  32
- `ldap_host_name` (String) Host Name on the certificate from LDAP Server. Maximum length =  128
- `login_name` (String) The name attribute used by the system to query the external LDAP server. Maximum length =  32
- `max_ldap_referrals` (Number) Maximum number of ldap referrals to follow.
- `max_nesting_level` (Number) Number of levels at which group extraction is allowed. Maximum value =
- `nested_group_extraction` (Boolean) Enable Nested Group Extraction.
- `port` (Number) The port number on which the LDAP server is running. Maximum value =
- `search_filter` (String) The String to be combined with the default LDAP user search string to form the value. Maximum length =  256
- `sec_type` (String) The communication type between the system and the LDAP server.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) SSH public key attribute holds the public keys of the user. Maximum length =  64
- `subattribute_name` (String) The Sub-Attribute name for group extraction from LDAP server. Maximum length =  32
- `validate_ldap_server_certs` (Boolean) Validate LDAP Server Certificate.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
