---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netscalersdx_mpsgroup Resource - terraform-provider-netscalersdx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configuration for System Groups resource.
---

# netscalersdx_mpsgroup (Resource)

Configuration for System Groups resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netscalersdx_mpsgroup" "tf_mpsgroup" {
  name                     = "tf_mpsgroup"
  permission               = "readonly"
  select_individual_entity = "false"
  assign_all_apps          = "true"
  description              = "test-terraform"
  role                     = "nonadmin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Group Name. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  64
- `permission` (String) Permission for the group (admin/read-only). Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  128

### Optional

- `allow_application_only` (Boolean) Checks if only application centic page is needed.
- `application_names` (Set of String) All Application names that are part of this group.This includes selected appnames as well as applications which are result of defined regex.
- `apply_all_bound_entities` (Boolean) Apply for all bound entities (TRUE|FALSE).
- `assign_all_apps` (Boolean) Assign All Applications (YES|NO).
- `assign_all_autoscale_groups` (Boolean) Assign All Autoscale groups (YES|NO).
- `assign_all_devices` (Boolean) Assign All Instances (YES|NO).
- `assign_all_selected_device_apps` (Boolean) Assign All Application from selected instances (YES|NO).
- `autoscale_groups_id` (Set of String) Autoscale groups belong to this groupp.
- `bound_entity_selected` (Number) Which bound entiy is selected VSERVER(0),SERVICE(1),SERVICEGROUP(2),SERVER(3).
- `description` (String) Description of Group. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  1024
- `enable_session_timeout` (Boolean) Enables session timeout for group.
- `role` (String) Role (admin|nonadmin).
- `roles` (Set of String) Roles assigned to the group.
- `select_individual_entity` (Boolean) Select Individual Entity Type.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Session timeout for the Group.
- `session_timeout_unit` (String) Session timeout unit for the Group.
- `standalone_instances_id` (Set of String) Stand alone instances belong to this groupp.
- `tenant_id` (String) Id of the tenant. Minimum length =  1 Maximum length =  128
- `users` (Set of String) Users belong to the group.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
